So now that we have a readers screen class who knows how to route everything.
Let's go ahead and look at creating the navigation so this go ahead to read on navigation.
So we do.
Navigation will allow, of course, for us to be able to put together the screens and innovations so
that we're able to then go from one screen to the next.
Right.
So what do we need to do here?
Well, first of all, this has to be a composable.
In fact, this is not a class.
It's going to be fun like this function.
And let's say composable such a. function.
We have to put the parentheses there.
OK.
The first thing we need is to add a nav controller.
So say foul nav controller, such if Hey NAV controller, and then I'm going to use the Remember NAV
controller like this because we need to have control over this nav controller will be able to direct
where we need to go so we can say enough controller that go to X Root, right?
So we need that.
But for all of that, we also need a place where we can host all of the composable in this case, all
of the screens.
Well, for that will need a nav hosts on there, say nav host such and we need to pass the nav controller,
which is created right because it needs and then we need to create the graph here that will contain
all of the screens, all the composable.
So we are building here the actual screens.
Now I'm not going to put graphs like this.
I'm actually going to add a start, say start destination.
OK, so we need to have a starting point.
Here is the beauty why we went through the trouble to create this reader screen.
So let's see, go back to our readers screens there because we can have one place where we add all of
our screens and the connections in the paths right for our screens so we can use that here.
So starting this nation, I could have just put something like Hello world or.
Log in screen like this.
But this is not very scalable.
That's why we have the rear screens.
Look what I can do.
I can say readers screens, right, and I can go to splash screen.
That's what I want to get to that name, right?
So I'm passing the name of my destination, that has to be the starting point.
All right.
And of course, this is a lambda, I can go ahead and do that.
And now I have inside here the nav graph builder.
So this is where I build the graph, meaning the actual composable or the actual screens that I want
to show you the user.
So how do we create that composable destination or screen composable?
That is.
And let's start again.
I just want to show you something.
So I say composable notice here.
It says we need to pass a route and arguments.
We'll see that later.
OK, so there we go for a composable here, I need to pass the route.
Well, what is the route?
Meaning where is it that I want to go?
Well, I want to go to a screen which I can get from a reader again, screens right that I'm going to
go to a splash screen.
OK, that name like this.
And then, of course, I do have the.
Nap backs, snack entry, which an object that we will talk about.
So in this case here, then inside of these composable, you know, a lambda here, this is where I
pass the actual screen.
In this case, I'm going to say reader splash screen.
Notice the difference here.
Now I'm actually invoking the screen, the composable screen we created earlier.
And for this, I'm going to pass along the NAF controller because I want to make sure that I'm able
to invoke or get the INAF controller and get the user the opportunity to if they wish to.
So to go to a different screen if they want to.
That's why I'm going to pass along this NAF controller that I created up here.
Now this is read here because if we go to our readers splash screen command, click See that we don't
pass the nav controller.
So I need here.
I'm going to say nav controller like that and pass that along.
All of these composable look at them as the screens are going to be inside of nav host and that we have
the director we still have, which is the nav controller, because we can then say now have control
dot, go to X and so forth.
So it makes it really easy to conceptualize this idea of navigation here.
So I can do the same, of course, to others do a couple more.
In this case, I'm going to go create another one for reader home screen like this and of course, on,
let's say, reader home.
Or I think I call it home screen.
Very good.
It's going to have the same issue because I need to pass that knife controller, which we can do now,
have controller.
There we go and go back.
And the problem is over.
So as a little exercise, I want you to do the same for the search screen.
Do the same for all other screens that we are going to have or we have created earlier here.
So it's really simple.
Just want to make sure that you get the hang of it.
OK.
Go ahead and do that and I'll see you next.